welcome back to recap central today we
will recap 300 an action drama film
about a spartan king with an army of 300
taking on the persians let's get started
the film begins with a voice over
describing how spartan use develop into
true spartan men
when the infant is delivered he is
extensively examined by a spartan baby
inspector over a cliff where the bones
of deceased babies who did not cut are
buried hundreds of feet below
if the infant shows indications of
weakness illness or other issues he will
be terminated
the boys are taught to fight and train
at a young age and when they reach the
age of seven they are separated from
their mothers and put through an
initiation of rights which includes
being whipped without showing emotion
and being left out in the snow and coal
defend for themselves before being
allowed to return home sparta is
bustling with activity as a persian
messenger rides through the city
requesting to speak with king leonidas
jared butler
in his palm he clutches the skulls of
previous assassinated leaders
the messenger and his soldiers are
escorted before the king where he says
that he is coming on behalf of xerxes
the persian god slash king who has
already destroyed hundreds of towns
including other greek cities such as
athens and who wishes for sparta's
citizens to submit to him
when queen gorgo lena hedy remarks the
messenger becomes enraged and inquires
how a woman can speak so freely among
males she responds spartan women are the
ones who give birth to genuine men
the envoy cautions king leonidas to
consider his response carefully before
responding to xerchezi's request for
sparta but the king turns on the
messenger and points his spear in his
face forcing the persians to retreat to
the edge of the dark hole seen in the
trailer the messenger is furious and
declares that it is forbidden to murder
a messenger and that this is blasphemy
to which leonidas responds this is
sparta before shoving the persian and
his guards into the pit
sparta has a rule that requires the king
to consult the oracle and the efforts
who are the gods priests and are more
creature than man
the oracle is sparta's most beautiful
young woman and her beauty is also her
misfortune since she is compelled to
live up in the mountains with these
hideous heifers who are frequently
drugged or inebriated to disclose these
truths or destinies
leonidas ascends the highlands and after
presenting money to the efforts and
detailing his intention to march north
to corner searches his army he inquires
of the oracle
she is the wispy white woman in the
trailer who appears to be submerged in
water sparta she predicts will collapse
the efforts assert that he cannot go to
war when a celebration is imminent
the king is displeased because he is
unable to simply sit and do nothing
leonidas and his captain vincent regan
are pouring over his 300 strong army the
next morning
he observes one of the soldiers is the
captain's son and remarks that he is too
young to truly appreciate the warmth of
a lady but the captain demands that he
fight
the sun seemed to be proud to be among
these very powerful fighters
thereon and the other councilmen
approached the king and inquire about
his whereabouts
they're on asserts that the oracle has
spoken and that he is familiar with the
rules and the law
the king claims to be out on a stroll
and that these 300 guys are simply his
bodyguards they encounter another troop
the arcadians as they march out
the arcadian commander claims they heard
sparta was heading out to battle xerxes
and have come to participate
however he is taken aback by the king's
tiny force
here you may see the spartan's arrogance
and cockiness leonidas inquires about
the occupation of one of arcadia's
troops his response he is a sculptor
another occupation was that of a
blacksmith a third is a potter
leonidas turns to his 300 strong army
and inquires slash wars as to their
occupation
the arcadians are greeted with
thundering who which they mostly yell
when they're revved up and the king
declares that he has more soldiers than
you have
the arcadians are impressed and the
entire community marches down to the
seashore when the group reaches the
beach area the arcadians begin to
question themselves when they notice the
number of persian boats in the water
that night the greek gods unleash a
massive storm to flip and destroy some
of those boats which initially makes the
arcadians please but by dawn the number
of boats seems to have remained the same
the remaining spartan soldiers are
content since they can only hope to meet
their match someone who can provide them
with a reason to die a beautiful death
they wish to die in the service of a
higher cause for their nation
while they are erecting a stone wall a
member of searches his army approaches
and demands once again that sparta bow
on its knees
xerxes admires their arrogance and power
and promises that sparta will become the
wealthiest city in the world and that he
will abandon the city's women and
children if they lay down their weapons
and look to him as king the envoy mocks
the spartan stone wall until he notices
the lifeless remains of many soldiers of
the persian army who were in command of
the lookout
one of the spartans severs the
messenger's arm and commands him to
inform xerxes that the battle has begun
while this is occurring many spartans
become aware that they are being
followed it is revealed to be a field a
hunched back monster that wants to
assist in the struggle
he tells the king that the persians can
enter through another entrance he has a
powerful stroke with his spear but is
unable to lift the hefty shield he is
carrying
the king asserts that he cannot battle
the spartans since the spartans use
their shields to protect not just
themselves but also the guy on their
left and effie altz is rendered
ineffective due to his inability to
raise his shield ethiops becomes enraged
the first fight demonstrates the
spartans might they stand in a tiny hole
and wait for the first set of persian
soldiers to emerge to combat they
quickly defeated that army slaughtering
everyone and leaving no one behind
while they regain their breath the
remainder of the persian army unleashes
a barrage of arrows that completely
obscures the sun
the spartans united fend off the arrows
with their shields and referred to them
as cowards while both sides rest and
clean up the battlefield searches
appears to meet with lanidas xerxes is a
seven foot tall bald and pierced god
slash king
he again allows lenovo's to kneel to him
but the king declines since his thighs
are tired from defeating the first
persian army
xerxes gets enraged and declares that he
can wipe away sparta and no one on earth
would ever hear of them or recognize
them
he will sever the tongues and eyes of
anybody who mentions their name and soon
everyone will forget who king leonid is
and the spartans are
the following battle will be with the
immortals
they are soulless creatures with dark
eyes and fang-like teeth
they are disguised in black and gold
and their particular weapon is this
enormous chain beast
the spartans easily beat these
adversaries albeit some of their men
perish as xerchus observes the narrator
states that this god-like deity
experience is a human cold the next
bouts see the persians bringing as much
strength as possible to the table
through the use of rhinoceros magic
elephants from halfway across the world
and monsters
when xerxes realizes his army is losing
he disciplines his generals by scalping
them the captain's son's head is severed
during one of these conflicts and he
sobs as his heart is crushed
three guys are required to wrestle him
away from his son do you recall ethiops
xerxes has delivered the hunchback belly
dancers concubines contortionists
transsexuals and slaves are all present
in the tent
he is in awe of all xerxes has to offer
riches women and the opportunity to
battle if he will simply submit to him
at the alts fascinated by everything
concurs and informs him of the second
opening through which the persian army
might easily defeat the spartans the
queen meantime is meeting with theron
she offers him something to drink and he
inquires as to whether it is poison it
asserts that the councilman will never
permit an army to march to the king and
implies that he may convince them to do
so if she sleeps with him she consents
and he begins having sex with her
forcefully assuring her this will not be
over fast you will not take pleasure in
it my majesty i am not your king while
both armies retreat king leonidas
addresses one of his troops dilios who
sustained an injury during one of the
skirmishes
he inquires about dilios's health to
which he responds it's only an eye the
king requests that he come home and tell
the account of sparta to everyone to all
the greeks about his 300 warriors
he is aware that they will perish and
while he is sorry that he will not see
his wife again he is content to be doing
what he is doing for sparta he returns
the jewelry his wife gave him to dillios
the queen meets with the councilman the
next day
she makes an excellent argument for
allowing the soldiers to assist the king
you can see that some of the members are
moved by her words and are beginning to
concur
theron sarcastically applauds her after
her speech
he then turns on her claiming that no
one should listen to her as an
adulteress he informs everyone that she
approached him and offered herself to
him but he declined since he is an
honest man
she becomes enraged and pursues him but
he sends two guards to apprehend her and
remove her from the room she strives for
release which they grant she is the
queen after all and when she does she
seizes one of their swords and stabs
theron in the stomach
she draws him in and adds as she
continues to drive the blade in this
will not be over fast it will be
unpleasant for you i'm not the queen of
your kingdom when she draws the blade
his money sack slips out together with
the persian coins with which he has been
brought
the other councilmen take up one of the
coins and soon know he is a traitor as
the arcadians disperse the king and the
remnants of his army are left everybody
is surrounded by the persian army once
again xerchus appears to observe and one
of his minions requests that leonardo's
submit to xerxes haven't they gotten the
point yet
however leonidas removes his helmet
places his shield and spear on the
ground and kneels
but only to regain his composure when
his gathered group of spartan warriors
disperses and one member comes forward
and leaps upon leonada's back spearing
that many into death as everyone resumes
fighting the king picks up his spear and
hurls it at xerxes slicing his cheek in
half but does not kill him xerxes is
taken aback and raises his palm to his
wounded mouth
spartans including the king die one by
one
one of them informs him that dying by
his side is an honor to which the king
responds that living by his side was an
honor
after facing the sun and speaking his
final words my love the remainder of the
persian army executes him and ensures
the death of all spartans by launching a
billion arrows into the air once again
dilios goes home to present the jewelry
to the queen and to spread the news of
their success
it concludes a year later with dilios
appearing to be the spartan army's new
leader and the spartans preparing to
face the persians once more however this
time there are hundreds upon thousands
of spartans who rushed to combat on
order thank you for watching if you
enjoyed like and subscribe and tune in
until the next recap